lotty their internet people is boullion
so tonight we're going to talk about
saying the quiet part allowed you know a
normal conversation there are some
things that just go unsaid you don't
have to say it's the quiet part of the
sentence everybody knows it so there's
no reason to say it aloud
it might make people feel uncomfortable
so it just goes without being said the
same thing happens in politics and
international relations there are some
things you just don't say even if
they're true it's the quiet our
president the president of the United
States is a master of saying the quiet
part aloud at the worst possible moment
we're three years into it so we're just
kind of used to it okay yep he did it
again it's shocking but whatever and
well he did it again in New Delhi recent
address he said we've taken the oil and
the soldiers we have there are the ones
guarding the oil we have the oil so
that's all we have there that's uh yeah
that's not something he's talking about
Syria and that's the quiet part you
don't say that you do not say that yeah
it's true
when you're talking about US military
involvement any major powers military
involvement in that region yeah
that's what it's about it's about oil
pretty much always even when Nasser was
causing all the trouble in the Suez
nationalize the canal
we didn't say oh it's about the oil we
said no shipping rights impacts on trade
the oil trade but you don't say that you
don't make it about oil the reason you
don't is because if you're using
military force to extract wealth from a
nation that's colonialism and that is
something that has been
look down upon as of late and in modern
times if you are using military force to
extract wealth and natural resources
from a country and you're not attempting
to set up a subservient government
it's called pillaging not just for
pirates and it is against international
law he's kind of admitting to it in this
little run-on sentence
hopefully that is not something the
Department of Defense is involved in
last time he made a statement like this
they were very quick to come out and say
no we're not doing that in fact and we
will not but he has said it again and
that should make people wonder it makes
me wonder that wasn't his only statement
in this little address that should give
people pause for the last few months
we've talked about his foreign policy
and I've made jokes I've made jokes even
the the deep goat series those little
bits
I have often pointed out that many of
his foreign policy decisions seem like
they're pushing our allies into the arms
of Russia and that many of his foreign
policy decisions benefit Russia more
than they benefit the United States I
always gave him the benefit of the doubt
that it was just sheer incompetence
causing this to happen not that there
was any direct intention to undermine US
dominance overseas he said something he
said a quiet part out loud something
that this definitely should have
remained quiet because if this is his
thought process it's very troubling I'm
of mixed mines on it myself I definitely
think we need to leave the region
however I don't think we should set up
another nation as the new imperial
overlord you know that organization he
said that he totally defeated 100%
defeated and experts all over the world
were like no you didn't actually defeat
him you kind of made him more dangerous
he's realized that and his solution
Russia should do it Iran should do it
Iraq should do it Syria should do it
he's advocating that those nations enter
into a nova military alliance against a
non-state actor over there
this would also include the Kurds it
would have to the most powerful
non-state actor in the Middle East so he
is pushing non-state actors and nations
that are semi favorable to us
Iraq was supposed to be our newfound
friend over there to buddy up to Russia
through Iran
you know Iraq Syria the Kurds they're
supposed to buddy up to the Ayatollah in
Iran and then to Russia that completely
undermines the u.s. position over there
he's obviously not thinking long-term
about this if his concern is the oil
because our little pockets of troops
guarding the oil taking the oil
pillaging against international law to
hear him tell it they'd be pretty
quickly overrun once this alliance is
cemented I know nobody wants to talk
about it it's the quiet part now because
it has implicated both parties you can't
ignore Russian interference you can't
especially not with trump not after this
I gave him the benefit of the doubt you
go back through the videos I never
actually say that it's intentional I
really do chalk it up to incompetence he
said it was he's advocating for it he's
pushing the most powerful non-state
actor into Russia's arms what that will
do by the way with the countries that he
selected and we've talked about this
before
there's the Shia bloc in the Sunni bloc
there's the northern countries of the
region which generally line up with Iran
and then those that line up with Saudi
Arabia it's dividing them creating a
loyal curtain rather than an Iron
Curtain this is definitely part of that
landline diplomacy of his because
somebody in the future is going to step
on this if this goes through if these
nations come under the thumb of Moscow
there's going to be long lasting
repercussions doesn't matter how
uncomfortable it is we cannot ignore a
Russian interference anymore not with
the president of the United States
advocating this anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night